Hi Love,

Hello, Gwinibel. Happy Valentine’s Day! Love ana sila ang valentines day kay para lang sa mga sweet na babae, dawbi kay u’re one of the toughest women man sa kalibutan, a dragon maybe. 

So, mag hulat lang sata sa araw ng kagitingan love ha? HAHAHAHAHAHA eme. Bitaw, Love. Kidding’s aside, it’s true na u belong sa mga toughest woman in the world. 

Grabi kaayo ka motivating love and maka influence imong pagka strong the way u handle things. I know life’s been treating u not well lately kay na bombarded ka ug situations nga not easy to maneuver but it will end soon, love. 

Someday, everything will make perfect sense. So for now, laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears, and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason. 

It will all pass, love. The good, the bad, the unknown everything. It all passes. Give yourself a second to breathe deeply and remind yourself that whatever season u are in right now, whatever is happening in ur life today, it will pass. 

It may sound too cliche but just know na u got me always in all ways. No matter how tough life can be. I will always be your foundation. If u ever like u can’t do it anymore, lean ka sa akoa. I get it, u’re always being used to worry about things alone, but u don't have to do that anymore, love. 

Take a breath, please. I'm here, and not going anywhere. I told u, we're not doing the whole keeping it to ourselves thing. It's not who we are. Please lean on me, even if it feels odd. We'll figure it out together. I wanna support, love, provide, care, and do all the things no matter how big or small basta kabalo ko na it will bring u peace. 

I wanna pray for u na u will achieve greater things in life in terms of: academic, health, welfare, and wealth. Always remember lang love tung verse na I shared from you: Matthew 6:34 "Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own". 

Let’s take baby steps muna for now and figure things out with no pressure sa atong mental state. Sorry, love. If sometimes I was rude to you. and for being insensitive which cause u more stressed. 

I apologize. I love you. I didn't like how it might affect you. Working on it. Please enjoy your every day living, Gwy. If ever di kaya, just know na proud ko nimo permi for surviving. Stay strong ka haaa I wanna cook you pa the most delicious dish na matikman mo in ur entire lifetime. 

I love you so much, love. I will always pray for u cuz it’s the least I can do for now.

Always Yours,
Bryner